Remnant Emperor Blood Moon
Big brother
I'm afraid tonight
I bald your ghost daughter-in-law today
What tonight?
No revenge tonight
The blood moon has remnants and is slow
Bimonthly same day overcast
Lifetime is bad
The pair of strange daughters-in-law of the Ding family has greatly increased
The talisman I invited
I can't control them anymore, grandpa
But if they don't come to the door
How do we know where they are?
They don't come
Then you go and lure them out
Come on, grandpa, why are you me again?
Can you change someone?
If you don't go because of the trouble you caused, who will go?
You're going to the mass grave tonight
Carry back the tombstone of your ghost daughter-in-law
The tombstone has to be memorized.
How accounting are you?
Grandpa, are you kidding me?
Do you think I look like a lunatic?
Tombstone leads the way
Evil spirits follow
Where is the tombstone?
Where can your ghost daughter-in-law follow?